things a news reporter would never say
and the prime minister is just going to
be arriving now i'm going to see if i
can just have a quick word with him and
that word's going to be
and i'm reporting live from north korea
because my colleagues
hate me
so i'm not going to tell you who i am
where i am or what's happening
all around me i can hear shelling why
i am in a pee factory
um and today um megan and harry have
to be honest i don't care
[Applause]
now the traffic news um there's a
terrible mess just past junction 16 on
the m4
swindon
and now to find out how those peace
talks are progressing we're going to
cross now to
camp david oh hello
and i'm just getting word now that half
of the hostages have
been released which can only be oh hang
on sorry
oh oh no half a hostage
you're watching channel 5 news sorry i'm
a bit dis
sorry no one's no one's ever done that
before have you sat on the remote
the following scenes contain flash
photography very flash
terry's got a new camera
tonight the winner of the euromillions
largest ever
rollover jackpot has been announced
that's right
read your own headline
[Laughter]
i don't care if you don't want to see me
again i'm still polite to text back
darren
and now back to phil collins in the
studio
our newsreaders getting too dramatic
find out more
next week
water has been discovered on the moon
very close to the spot where neil
armstrong said hey buzz i'm just nipping
behind this rock for a minute
eyewitnesses say that the flasher bears
an uncanny resemblance to gru from
despicable me
and emits a short buzzing noise just
before exposing himself